they wanted to make a surprise
and you're in for a surprise
worried or would have thought that
hansa rostock wins away
in addition to the vfl osnabrück the in
this season still no goal
has cashed and so far all the games
but this victory has won
now over and who hansa rostock
hello hello hello i am andreas
Miner the new success trainer words
the rostocker exercise leader
certainly not on the lips
after the first half osnabrück the
second table with a lot of steam
after only three minutes the host
has won all games so far
no goal conceded the 1 0
consequently unspectacular attention
if the one fallback in the pants
he goes on saying I can do it 24
minute course correction of the cogge captain
pelzer make order on board
The coach asks the Lower Saxony
try one until half-time
right gate bacon to eat rostock
at half-time only with 0 21 behind
when you see the first halftime as I
we still have to behave then
we did not get into our game that way
have not allowed so much
but now have not really
understood to come into play yourself
you can eleven players in the break
just change
Well, if nobody notices hansa
suddenly another team plans alone
no there are two reactions for one
striker after having such a thing
has jammed head in the sand or
double gas what makes it clear
just two minutes later, 11th place
Just do the simple things
Just balancing after 49 minutes
the thanks of trainer miner
Luckily, I still went in with it
anger in the stomach a little bit different
conditionally superior it tries
further on, halil saffron sometimes impetuous
but always uncomfortable
the man has to be sewn
he clucks three times, he clearly cackles
hanser does not pay attention
more reliant on standards
two to one who was the man with the
approaching the head of halil saffron 87 minutes of
ball then came perfectly on the head
I hope Leo and then I have to ran
also keep your head loose
had easier
Well, at the moment I have nothing
one feels that one is now in third place
but the coach rages and warns us
are not yet a top team so take off
but please do not allow ground contact
lose and this man behind me
that has